I think the same reasons for the media
attacks against me for the deportations
and all the rest the same reasons are
behind the attacks on stone and JFK the
film violates Bernays law which I just
read it defies manipulation by the
minority that is the cover-up by the
Warren Commission back in the 1960s
that's why so many mainstream analysts
journalists and political figures have
denounced the film the one I like best
so I think was Senator Moynihan op-ed
piece in The New York Times I don't know
if any of you saw that but Moynihan
wrote that the worst thing about JFK is
that people under 30 or people under 40
are going to believe that Kennedy was
killed by people in its own government
well in other words the film is
subversive it's seditious it foments
doubts about the legitimacy of the
political system it shakes blind loyalty
and the conformity which is the real PC
affliction not multiculturalism it
undermines the conformity to which every
one of us is subjected to at every level
of our education if JFK does this at
least if it creates doubt as to the
legitimacy of the political system then
I say wonderful Bravo Oliver Stone by
the way
stone was in Homburg where I live just
about 10 days ago for the German
premiere of JFK and he told me that the
attacks on this film from going on
nearly a year ago don't bother him in
the least he rattled off a whole list of
high-level people in the Kennedy
administration who are confirming to him
and in public that Kennedy indeed
intended to withdraw from Vietnam and
it's no bad thing either that the film
has jump-started the move to make public
those 850 boxes or more of classified
documents which are a holdover from the
investigation of the Kennedy and King
assassinations in the late 1970s and I
asked also how the film is doing at the
box office and I'll share that with you
in the first month of the film it earned
fifty million dollars against a budget
of 40 million dollars and they had
stayed under the budget and I think
something like 650,000 people had gone
to see a film well that means a lot of
people are seeing it and a lot of people
are getting the message
no wonder the manipulators in the
minority are upset when this decision
was made in 1950 to rearm in the United
States and for the u.s. to finance the
rearmament of Western Europe and this
military economy that started then and
we still live with today there was no
threat from the Soviet Union the Soviets
were still digging out of the rubble of
World War two they lost 20 million
people and they were no threat at all
but there had to be a justification for
this rearmament for economic purposes of
so-called Kensie and military militarism
and the Soviet Union was then created as
a threat and it was because the United
States and Western Europe became a
threat to them that they had to then
join the arms race which eventually
drove them broke the CIA's job was of
course to assess the threat from the
Soviet Union and they overestimated all
through the years and their estimates
were taken seriously by the Congress
which then voted far more funds for US
defense over many years than they had to
because the threat from the Soviets were
were overblown well this is the problem
of politicized intelligence and this was
very much in the news during the gates
confirmation hearings where CIA officers
went former and serving went on public
record before the committee the Senate
committee describing cases in which
gates demanded that or case
demanded that a particular Soviet
estimate come out a certain way
rejecting what the best estimate of the
analysts were and this was especially
true even true and what was known as the
Soviet analyst analysis division so I
think that it's a it's a mixed thing as
far as the intelligence production
through the years has been certainly the
CIA missed the breakup of the Soviet
Union they didn't realize what was going
on they didn't anticipate it either and
at the same time they were working to
try to foment the disintegration of the
Soviet Union they've been doing that for
many years and Jack Bloom who was the
counsel to the Kerry Subcommittee on
drugs and narcotics some of you may have
may be aware of what this subcommittee
has done through the years to try to
expose the or to get into the possible
US government including CIA knowledge or
action against the drug trade and bloom
for one has stated that he believes that
the CIA was putting millions upon
millions of dollars through the bank of
credit and commerce international this
corrupt bank and the money was going out
to the nationalist movements in the
Soviet Union to try to and various other
activities to try to foment
regionalism regionalism and nationalism
which would weaken the unity of the
Soviet Union over many years and
certainly the radios that the CIA had
set up around 1950 Radio Free
europe/radio Liberty they were always
fomenting divisions so certainly the CIA
had something to do with it and Bush at
that speech in Washington where he
denounced me by name this is the one in
October at the banquet black-tie banquet
in Washington as part of his speech he
did denounce the naysayers the critics
of the National Intelligence system and
particularly of the CIA
and he said something to the effect that
no one knows how important the CIA's
work was in the developments that have
occurred
meaning the collapse of the Soviet Union
and the Communist governments in Eastern
Europe so that's the action side though
as opposed to intelligence collection